---
layout: project       #important: don't change this
title:  "of Cognitive Behaviour Therapy Game for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Patient Using Kinect"
year: 2013
author: Ika Kusumaning Putri
categories:
- project             #important: leave this here
img: adhd-game.jpg #place image (600x450) with this name in /assets/img/project/
thumb: adhd-game.jpg
carousel:
- adhd-game.jpg #image (1280x600) with this name in /assets/img/project/carousel/  

supervisor: Eriq M. Adams J, Aditya Rachmadi.
preview: http://www.youtube.com
---
####of Cognitive Behaviour Therapy Game for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Patient Using Kinect.
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a mental disorder caused by unusual growth in motor activity. ADHD causing unusual and excessive activity. People with ADHD often have difficulty in understanding the instructions and remember something. ADHD is a disease that can not be cured. Only the symptoms can be reduced with therapy, such as cognitive behavior therapy. Based on these problems , the authors make the game AGTA (Applications Games Therapy ADHD) who help to increase the concentration of children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). AGTA applying natural interaction techniques with process each player's hand movements utilizing the Kinect sensor. The purpose of this application is to improve the focus of children with ADHD through the implementation of cognitive behavior therapy that may act like a human being.
Game designed in two stages: game concept design and technical design. This game is implemented using C# programming language and XNA framework. This game was applied to the desktop platform using the Kinect sensor to detect the parts of the body. This application was tested using white - box testing that used unit testing and integration testing strategies and black - box testing methods with validation testing strategies. Testing is done by testing the performance of the game FPS (Frames Per Second) and the resulting average value is 54 FPS. From the test results it was concluded that this game has completed the functional and non-functional requirements.
