---
layout: project
title: Fighting System of Role Playing Game Using Dynamic Scripting and Macro Action
date: {}
author: Marcel Newman
categories: 
  - project
img: portfolio_01.jpg
carousel: 
  - single01.jpg
  - single02.jpg
  - single03.jpg
client: Wonder Corp.
website: "http://blacktie.co"
published: true
---

####Fighting System of Role Playing Game Using Dynamic Scripting and Macro Action
Generally, adaptive game Artificial Intelligence (AI) refers to an agent based AI that has the capability of learning from its mistakes and generating better tactics on each of its encounters. Dynamic Scripting is a method to do that. This method manages the learning process to generate a script used as a behavior control of an AI agent in a combat. A script contains several rules. This method also handles rewarding and penalizing of each rule in the script that have been executed in recent combat. However, Dynamic Scripting tends to generate strong and similar tactic that overrides the playing experiences of a player who thirst of challenges. By combining Macro Action with larger building blocks, Dynamic Scripting should increase the diversity its tactic served on each encounter. This research proposes the method to implement Dynamic Scripting and Macro Action on a turn-based fighting system of a Role-Playing Game. Our result shows that the usage of Macro Action manages to increase the adaption speed and diversity of the script generated by Dynamic Scripting in a turn-based fighting system without overriding its effectiveness.