---
layout: project       #important: don't change this
title:  "Implementation of Minimax and Alpha-Beta Pruning in Ntil Traditional Game"
year: 2015
author: "Martaso’id Fitriza"
categories:
- project             #important: leave this here
img: ntil-game.jpg #place image (600x450) with this name in /assets/img/project/
thumb: ntil-game.jpg
carousel:
- ntil-game.jpg        #place image (1280x600) with this name in /assets/img/project/carousel/  

supervisor: Eriq M. Adams J, Wibisono Sukmo W.
preview: http://www.youtube.com
---
####Implementation of Minimax and Alpha-Beta Pruning in Ntil Traditional Game.
In Ntil game, there are a lot of possible combinations of pawn movements. Some of them will make the player have a disadvantage in their position, and some of them will make the player have an advantage in their position. Based on this, an algorithm that determines the best pawn movements that will make the player have an advantage in their position is needed.
This paper discusses the implementation of Minimax algorithm, and Alpha-beta pruning algorithm to determine the best movements for the intelligent agent in Ntil Game. Minimax algorithm will maximize the agent’s moves and minimize the opponent’s moves. Alpha-beta Pruning algorithm is an optimization of Minimax algorithm, which will reduce the number of nodes evaluated in the search tree. A search tree is generated by taking all the possibilities of pawn’s movements in the Ntil game. Minimax and Alpha-beta Pruning algorithm can be implemented as an intelligent agent for the Ntil game. The movements of pawns that are generated by Minimax algorithm have the same result with Alpha-beta Pruning algorithm. The performance of Alpha-beta Pruning algorithm is better than the Minimax algorithm with average different of 1354.367ms on their running time based on depth’s value, and with average different of 65.9776ms on their running time based on board’s size.
